Correct AppSupport removal instructions (#414)
sailfishos/docs.sailfishos.org: Support/Help_Articles/Android_App_Support/Removing_Android_App_Support/README.md

nav_order: 500
---

This document instructs how to revert a Sailfish device back to a state where there is no Android AppSupport and no Android apps. Alternatively, it is possible to remove the AppSupport but no Android apps or not all of them, allowing to reinstall the AppSupport.

# Clean removal

> This is the recommmended way of removing the Android AppSupport. It is to remove everything necessary but you can optinally keep the installed Android apps or some of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the recommended way of removing the Android AppSupport. It is to remove everything necessary but you can optionally keep the installed Android apps or some of them.
```

Author: The two typos were fixed: -m and +o.
